# CS102 ~ Reflections ~
First and foremost, we learned android studio, a new programming interface. We have created a user interface that fits our purpose. In general, 
we did what we wanted to do in our application. For example, zooming in the pictures we add to the application using various libraries, such as 
adding a mark. With the features we added, we designed a real map view that fits our purpose. By clicking on the brands, we created new dialogs 
and enabled the events to be displayed. We managed to collect the codes that we cut into pieces by switching between activities. We have added 
features related to database, registration and login to the application, and made the necessary limitations to make the application special for 
bilkent students. (eg Bilkent no and webmail) In thought, designing android applications is not a difficult process. Most of the desired 
features can be found in libraries on the Internet. However, various errors arising in the use of libraries can be the main compelling factors. 
In addition to this, it is a good method to save time for the project to be divided into pieces and combined later. What we didn't like most 
was that we got errors originating from emulator or android studio independent of java code. Even if there is no change in the project, the 
emulator can start to give error after a day. Dealing with these is annoying and waste of time. It would be more logical to use google maps api 
instead of going over the picture. Because the android version of google maps is easier to use for any device that has enough, to have a large 
library and to be programmable. Nevertheless, the biggest factor to not use the google maps is that the real expectation in applications is 
that it has enough features that even a person who does not really know can easily use it and is pleasing to the eye. In this regard, we 
thought that the cute picture we added instead of google maps was better. The most challenging part of the project caused disruption and 
slowdown of group meetings caused by the pandemic process and internet problems. We worked together for about 56 hours in group meetings. 
However, we spent more than 70 hours of work per person with each group member research and the parts they worked on their own. Although we 
have not been able to complete our project fully in this difficult process and uncertainties, we are proud of what we generally do.
